{% raw %}<ul>
<li>This publication includes IP from RxNorm. Using RxNorm codes of type SAB=RXNORM as this specification describes does not require  a UMLS license. Access to the full set of RxNorm definitions, and/or additional use of other RxNorm structures and information requires a UMLS license. The use of RxNorm in this specification is pursuant to HL7's status as a licensee of the NLM UMLS. HL7's license does not convey the right to use RxNorm to any users of this specification; implementers must acquire a license to use RxNorm in their own right.</p>
</li>
<li>This publication includes IP from Contract Signer Type Codes. This is an example set based on ASTM Standard, E1762-95 (2013) HL7 RoleClass OID 2.16.840.1.113883.5.110, HL7 Role Code 2.16.840.1.113883.5.111, HL7 ParticipationType OID: 2.16.840.1.113883.5.90, HL7 ParticipationFunction codes at OID: 2.16.840.1.113883.5.88, and HL7 Security and Privacy Domain Analysis Model roles classes.</p>
</li>
<li>This publication includes IP from CDC Race and Ethnicity. Most of the information on the CDC and ATSDR websites is not subject to copyright, is in the public domain, and may be freely used or reproduced without obtaining copyright permission.</p>
<p>For information and exceptions regarding use of CDC material please see https://www.cdc.gov/other/agencymaterials.html.</p>
</li>
<li>This publication includes IP from Consent Category Codes. This value set includes content from LOINC® which is copyright © 1995 Regenstrief Institute, Inc. and the LOINC Committee, and available at no cost under the license at http://loinc.org/terms-of-use</p>
</li>
<li>This publication includes IP from Consent Action Codes. This is an example set.</p>
</li>
<li>This publication includes IP from SNOMED Clinical Terms® (SNOMED CT®). This content from  which is copyright of SNOMED International. Implementers of these specifications must have the appropriate SNOMED CT Affiliate license - for more information contact <a href="http://www.snomed.org/snomed-ct/get-snomed-ct">http://www.snomed.org/snomed-ct/get-snomed-ct</a> or <a href="mailto:info@snomed.org">info@snomed.org</a>.</li>
<li>This publication includes IP from identifierType. Copyright HL7. Licensed under creative commons public domain</p>
</li>
</ul>
{% endraw %}